Model : gpt-3.5-turbo-16k
CURRENT DOC:
query = "How many MAIN schedules are there in the document , Name the main Schedules with description?"

Answer :
  There are 12 main schedules in the document. They are:
Schedule HI, the Consolidated Income Statement;
Schedule HC, Balance Sheet;
Schedule HC-R, Risk-Weighted Assets;
Schedule HC-G, Allowance for Credit Losses;
Schedule HC-H, Interest Sensitivity;
Schedule HC-I, Insurance-Related Underwriting Activities;
Schedule HC-J, Off-Balance Sheet Items;
Schedule HC-K, Trading Assets and Liabilities;
Schedule HC-L, Marketable Equity Securities;
Schedule HC-M, Memoranda;
Schedule HC-N, Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings; and
Schedule HC-O, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity.

"How many times the word BHCK occurs in the entire document, including all schedules ?"

Answer :  BHCK occurs 23 times in the entire document.

OLD DOC (JUNE):

query = "How many MAIN schedules are there in the document , Name the main Schedules with description?"

There are four main schedules in the document:
1. Schedule HC-D: This schedule contains information about the trading assets of a holding company.
2. Schedule HC-F: This schedule contains information about other assets such as equity investments and life insurance assets.
3. Schedule HC-G: This schedule contains information about other liabilities such as net deferred tax liabilities and allowances for credit losses.
4. Schedule HC-R: This schedule contains information about risk-weighted assets, allocations by risk-weighted categories, and application of other risk-weighting approaches.

query = "How many MAIN schedules are there in the document , Name the main Schedules with description?"
 BHCK occurs a total of 56 times.


EXPT with Models :

CURRENT DOC:
 Model = gpt-4.0
 There are 8 main schedules in the document: Schedule HI (Consolidated Income Statement), Schedule HC (Balance Sheet), Schedule HC-R (Allocation by Risk-Weight Category), Schedule HC-G (Allowances for Credit Losses), Schedule HC-H (Interest Sensitivity), Schedule HC-I (Insurance-Related Underwriting Activities), Schedule HJ (Statement of Operations) and Schedule HJ-R (Statement of Operations - Other).

 Model = gpt-4.0, temperature = 0.8, max_tokens=2000
 There are 8 main schedules in the document: Schedule HI, Consolidated Income Statement; Schedule HC, Balance Sheet; Schedule HC-R, Risk-Weighted Assets; Schedule HC-G, Allowance for Credit Losses; Schedule HC-H, Interest Sensitivity; Schedule HC-I, Insurance-Related Underwriting Activities; Schedule HI-B, Expenses; and Schedule HI-C, Capital Adequacy.


 Model = gpt-4.0, temperature = 1.2, max_tokens=3000
 There are five main schedules in the document:
1. Schedule HI: Consolidated Income Statement
2. Schedule HC: Balance Sheet
3. Schedule HC-R: Risk-Weighted Assets
4. Schedule HC-H: Interest Sensitivity
5. Schedule HC-I: Insurance-Related Underwriting Activities (Including Reinsurance)

Query:
"What is the total assets adn total trading assets of Holding Companies for which Memorandum items 9.a through 9.e are to be completed. Answer in full. Consider only 9a through 9e"
Answer CURR DOC:
 The total assets and trading assets for Holding Companies for which Memorandum items 9.a through 9.e are to be completed is $10 billion or more in total consolidated assets.

Answer OLD DOC:
The total assets and total trading assets of Holding Companies for which Memorandum items 9.a through 9.e are to be completed are $10 billion or more in total consolidated assets and $5 billion or more in total assets, respectively.

Query:
"What is total interest income and Total Interest Expense, with full details ?"
Answer CURR DOC:
 Total interest income is reported in item 1.h as $4107 and total interest expense is reported in item 2.f as $4073. Detailed information about each item is provided in the context.

Answer OLD DOC:
Total interest income is the sum of items 1.a through 1.g, which is 4107 1.h. Total interest expense is the sum of items 2.a through 2.e, which is 4073 2.f.

Query using the chatPDF interface:
What is the Approval Expiry Date :
CURR: The approval expiry date is September 30 2026
OLD : The approval expiry date is September 30, 2025.

How many times BHCK occurs in the document ?
CURR: The term "BHCK" occurs 30 times in the document.
OLD:The term "BHCK" occurs 14 times in the document.

What is the Total Interest Income in the Report ?
CURR : The total interest income in the report is 4107.
OLD : Incorrect answer
